Standard Operating Procedure Unit: Drug Product

Plot No. 18, International Biotech Park, Hinjawadi, Phase II, Pune 411057.

M.J. Biopharm Private Limited Gysy

Title: Quality Risk Assessment

Dept.: Quality Assurance | SOP No.: SOP/DP/QA/010 _| Revision No: R04 _| Page 8 of 51

7.3.2.9.)

Informal Risk Assessment: Informal risk assessment considered as ‘Qualitative Risk Assessment’.
Risk priority ranking shall be evaluated in informal risk assessment as, High, Medium and Low.

7.3.2.9.2 Formal Risk Assessment: Formal risk assessment considered as ‘Quantitative Risk Assessment’.

7.3.2.10

Risk priority number shall be evaluated in formal risk assessment based on rating.

Risk Identification and Evaluation Considering Current Control Measures: All potential failure
shall be mentioned in tabular form along with control measure and detection.
Note: Font size for this section shall be ‘10’ and page size can be ‘A4’ or’ A3’ as applicable.

7.3.2.10.1 After evaluation, if risk found with high or medium risk category, mitigation plan need to be

7.3.2.11

7.3.2.12

7.3.2.13

7.3.2.14

7.3.2.15

identify to control the risk within acceptance. Mitigation plan is not required for low risk category.

Risk Communication: Identified risk and mitigation plan shall be communicated within the cross
functional departments including allocation of responsibility and target completion date of
mitigation plan. If applicable risk communicated to Customer / regulatory authorities by
Regulatory Affairs department in due consultation with QA Head/Designee.

Risk Assessment Summary and Conclusion (Before Implementation): Summarize the outcome of
risk assessment including control of risk and requirement of mitigation plan. Conclusion shall be
made before implementation of mitigation plan.

Mitigation Plan and Closure: This section includes the plan, closure status and closure date and
sign/date of responsible person.

New Risk Identified During Execution (Residual Risk): If any new risk identified during the
implementation of mitigation plan, it shall be evaluated and requirement of re-assessment of initial
risk assessment or any other action need to be taken shall be decided by user department in
consultation with QA Head/Designee.

If new risk identified, then format for New Risk/Residual Risk SOP/DP/QA/010/F04 shall be
initiated. After evaluation of new risk in format, preapproval shall be taken by recording summary
and conclusion (before implementation). If new risk found with high or medium risk category,
mitigation plan need to be identify to control the risk within acceptance and after verification of
implemented mitigation plan, post approval shall be taken by recording the summary and
conclusion (after implementation). Process flow of handing the format SOP/DP/QA/010/F04 shall
be as per initial risk assessment process flow. .

Note: After closing of mitigation plan of new risk (if applicable), initial risk assessment shall be
closed.

7.3.2.16 Risk Assessment Summary and Conclusion (After Implementation): Summary and conclusion shall
Prepared By (User Department) Sign/Date Reviewed By (Quality Assurance) Sign/Date
LE 506 J26 “ot
Confidential and Proprietary SOP/DP/QA/001/F01-R02

MASTER COPY

