Standard Operating Procedure Unit: Drug Product

M.J. Biopharm Private Limited Gysy
Plot No. 18, International Biotech Park, Hinjawadi, Phase IT, Pune 411057.

Title: Quality Risk Assessment

Dept.: Quality Assurance SOP No.: SOP/DP/QA/010 | Revision No: R04 | Page 13 of 51

7.3.10
7.3.10.1

7.3.10.2

7.3.10.3

Table No. 03
Overall Risk |Risk Treatment

Low ‘Mitigation Plan not required or risk is at acceptable level.

| Mitigation plan shall be done to reduce the risk and based on the

haan mitigation risk can be acceptable
Hich Identify and implement the mitigation plan before proceeding to the
8 activity to reduce the risk ranking within acceptable range.

Quantitative Risk Assessment:

During quantitative risk assessment, risk priority number (RPN) shall be calculated based on the
rating.

Risk assessment shall be performed considering with FMEA approach (Failure Mode Effect
Analysis). All identified failure mode shall be irrespective of their probability of ‘occurrence and or
severity and or detectability.

Based on the below tables (table no. 04, 05 and 06), risk priority number (RPN) shall be
calculated,

Severity:
Severity shall be ranked based on the impact on quality, safety, purity and identity of the product.
Severity number should be assigned from 1-5 scale depending upon the impact.
Probability (frequency of event/incident):
Occurrence shal! be ranked based on the probability of occurrence.
Occurrence number should be assigned from 1-5 scale depending upon the probability.
Detectability:
Detectability shall be ranked based on the probability of detection of hazard.
Detectability number should be assigned from 1-5 scale depending upon the probability of
detection.
Table No. 04

Severity Probability Detectability

Number Impact Number Impact Number Impact
Expected to happen
infrequently e.g. Very high/complete
yearly or unlikely detection possible

to happen e.g. one

1 No impact 1

Prepared By (User Department) Sign/Date Reviewed By (Quality Assurance) Sign/Date

LErasgjoc /ré Pan

Confidential and Proprietary SOP/DP/QA/001/F01-RO2
WASTER COPY

