Standard Operating Procedure Unit: Drug Product

Plot No. 18, International Biotech Park, Hinjawadi, Phase II, Pune 411057.

M.J. Biopharm Private Limited Gysy

Title: Quality Risk Assessment

Dept.: Quality Assurance | SOP No.: SOP/DP/QA/010 _| Revision No: R04 _| Page 10 of 51

7.3.4.6

7.3.5

7.3.6

7.3.7

7.3.8
7.3.9
7.3.9.1

7.3.9.2

7.3.9.3

and material condition etc.

Personnel:
Attributes, education, experience, training, competence, reporting relationships, tampering,
communication, theft and substitution etc.

Risk assessment team and user department shall carry out risk assessment. All risks associated
shall be identified through a discussion and for each process subjected to risk assessment, the
potential failure mode to be identified and its relevant potential effect / impact on quality shall be
assessed with following four fundamental questions:
What might go wrong (Potential failure / Cause) and its relevant risk (the Hazard)?
What are the consequences (severity)?
What is the likelihood (probability) it will go wrong?
What are the ability to find the hazard if it occurs (detectability)?

Hazard identification is a systematic use of information to identify hazards referring to the risk
question or problem description. Information can include historical data, theoretical analysis,
informed opinions, and the concerns of stakeholders.

Risk analysis is the estimation of the risk associated with the identified hazards. It is the qualitative
or quantitative process of linking the likelihood of occurrence, severity of harms and detectability
of harms.

Risk evaluation is to compares the identified and analyzed risk against established risk criteria.

Qualitative Risk Assessment:

During qualitative risk assessment, risk priority ranking (RPR) shall be evaluated as High, Medium
and Low.

Risk assessment shall be performed considering with FMEA approach (Failure Mode Effect
Analysis). All identified failure mode shall be irrespective of their probability of occurrence and or
severity and or detectability.

Based on the below table (table no. 01, 02 and 03), risk priority ranking (RPR) shall be evaluated,

Prepared By (User Department) Sign/Date Reviewed By (Quality Assurance) Sign/Date

P&ag\s le Ane

2

Confidential and Proprietary SOP/DP/QA/001/F01-R02
MASTER COPY

