Standard Operating Procedure Unit: Drug Product

Plot No. 18, International Biotech Park, Hinjawadi, Phase II, Pune 411057.

M.J. Biopharm Private Limited ensy

Title: Quality Risk Assessment

Dept.: Quality Assurance SOP No.: SOP/DP/QA/010 | Revision No: R04 | Page 17 of 51

during risk assessment review.

74.15 Risk Acceptance:

7.4.15.1 For some types of harms, even the best quality risk management practices might not entirely
eliminate risk. In these circumstances, it might be agreed that an appropriate quality risk
management strategy has been applied and that quality risk is reduced to a specified (acceptable)
level. This (specified) acceptable level will depend on many parameters and should be decided on a
case-by-case basis.

74.16 Following quality risk management practices may be considered:

7.4.16.1 Modify the process to reduce the risk to an acceptable level. (This usually involves modifications
which will decrease the likelihood of occurrence.)

7.4.16.2 Enhance the method of detection to reduce the risk to an acceptable level

7.4.16.3 Employ a new process that has an acceptable level of risk.

7.4.16.4 Communicate the risk level to the appropriate stakeholders for further consideration.

75 Risk Communication:

75.1 Is sharing of information about risk and risk mitigation between risk assessment team and
responsible person of risk action. Communication can be at any stage of the risk management
process. The output/ result of the quality risk management process should be appropriately
documented and communicated

7.5.2 During the implementation of mitigation plan, the implementation status shall be communicated to
risk assessment team by the initiator. Based on the criticality of the risk, the risk management
process shall be communicated to Customer / regulatory authorities by Regulatory Affairs
department in due consultation with QA Head/Designee.

75.3 After approval of risk assessment, identified risk shall be communicated to responsible cross-
functional team along with QA.

7.6 Risk Review:

7.6.1 After implementation of controls as mentioned in the mitigation plan, Initiator shall inform to the
risk assessment team for risk review. Risk assessment team shall review the risk assessment and
after confirmation as risks are controlled, forward it to QA Head/Designee for approval. QA
Head/Designee shall review the risk assessment followed by approval of risk assessment and status
shall be updated in the “Quality Risk Assessment Log” as per format no. SOP/DP/QA/010/F03.

Prepared By (User Department) Sign/Date Reviewed By (Quality Assurance) Sign/Date
Lsx<y)o6he oan
Confidential and Proprietary SOP/DP/QA/001/F01-R02

MASTER COPY

