Standard Operating Procedure Unit: Drug Product

Plot No. 18, International Biotech Park, Hinjawadi, Phase II, Pune 411057.

M.J. Biopharm Private Limited sy

Title: Quality Risk Assessment

Dept.: Quality Assurance | SOP No.: SOP/DP/QA/010 | Revision No: R04 | Page 9 of 51

7.3.2.17

7.3.3
7.3.3.1

7.3.3.2

7.3.4
73.4.1

7.3.4.2

7.3.4.3

73.44

7.3.4.5

be mentioned after implementation of mitigation plan, if mitigation plan is not applicable then
mark this section as ‘Not Applicable’.

Post-Approval (After Implementation): Approval shall be taken after implementation of mitigation
plan. If mitigation plan is not required (In case low category risk) then mark this section as “Not
Applicable’.

Primary principles of quality risk management are:

The evaluation of the risk to quality should be based on scientific knowledge and ultimately link to
the patient safety.

The level of effort, formality and documentation of the quality risk management process should be
commensurate with the level of risk.

Risk shall be identified by assessing the following, but not limited to:

Equipment:
Type, design, capacity, location, installation, condition, lubricants used, equipment history,
operation, maintenance, calibration and breakdown etc.

Facilities:

Design, Site layout, material movement, personnel movement, waste movement, pest control,
utilities, building management system maintenance, building security measures, safety measures
and facility monitoring system etc.

Process:

Development, Introduction of new product, Process change and rework / reprocess. Any major
change or modification to the qualified facility, (Any Change) equipment, instrument, utility,
process, product, system etc.

Document system:

Master documents, standard operating procedure, validation reports, self-inspection reports, change
control system, deviation, CAPA, APQR, market complaint reports, batch manufacturing records,
batch packing records, equipment usage logs, analytical records and reports of raw materials,
packing materials, stability data, process/cleaning validation reports, environmental monitoring
records, rework or reprocess and batch manufacturing records etc.

Materials:

Identity, status control, quality, quantity, handling, specifications, security arrangements,
counterfeiting control, sampling, reference / working standards, out of specification, retention
samples, destruction of samples, analysis report, laboratory safety, retesting, storage, segregation

Prepared By (User Department) Sign/Date Reviewed By (Quality Assurance) Sign/Date

L306 joé Annas

Confidential and Proprietary SOP/DP/QA/001/F01-R02
MASTER COPY

