Standard Operating Procedure Unit: Drug Product

M.J. Biopharm Private Limited Grey
Plot No. 18, International Biotech Park, Hinjawadi, Phase II, Pune 411057.

Title: Quality Risk Assessment
Dept.: Quality Assurance SOP No.: SOP/DP/QA/010 Revision No: R04 | Page 31 of 51

1. DETAILS OF THE RISK ASSESSMENT

1.1 OBJECTIVE:
The objective of this document is to perform the quality risk management and evaluation of controls
and procedures for risk associated with (Name of equipment, process, activity..etc.) in the facility and
identification of potential risk and risk mitigation plan for the same.

1.2 SCOPE:
This risk assessment document is applicable to (Name of equipment, process, activity..etc) in the Drug
Product Facility of M.J. Biopharm Pvt. Ltd. Pune.

1.3 SYSTEM/ EQUIPMENT/ INSTRUMENT/ OTHER (IF ANY) OVERVIEW:
In this section brief description of the System/ Equipment/ Instrument/ other (if any) shall be mentioned.
Which includes following details but not limited to,
1.3.1 Equipment/system/instrument details and functions.
1.3.2 Intended use of the equipment.
1.3.3 Brief details about various components related to particular system.
1.3.4 Process flow (if any).

1.4 PROCEDURE:

Quality risk management should include systematic processes designed to coordinate, facilitate and

improve science-based decision making with respect to risk. Possible steps used to initiate and plan a

quality risk management process might include the following:

1.4.1 Define the problem and/or risk question, including pertinent assumptions identifying the potential
for risk.

1.4.2. Assemble background information and/ or data on the potential hazard, harm or human health
impact relevant to the risk assessment.

1.4.3 Identify a leader and necessary resources.

1.4.4 Specify a timeline, deliverables and appropriate level of decision making for the risk
management process.

1.4.5 Following flow chart shall be followed for risk assessment,

Prepared By (User Department) Sign/Date Reviewed By (Quality Assurance) Sign/Date
Leas fob )ee Toss
Confidential and Proprietary SOP/DP/QA/001/F01-R02

MASTER COPY

